(1) The model spectrum name you get at the end of a retrieval has the same filename by default
    as the down-resolved data file you get from binning and convolving via input parameter file.

(2) One has to change the compiler info when setting up on different machines/clusters (just be aware).
    Also, the compilers on the same cluster will change over time as they upgrade.

(3) If you don't remove the name of the cloud species when using cloud model 4 (PLO), you will load cloud
    files you don't need to and it might cause a memory overload.

(4) Need an update readme and/or documentation for the "stable" version! --- Can we do this partly in tandem
    with documentation for the development version?

(5) In the polynomial normalization routine, the line where the "fluxspecial" is defined to normalize the errors
    needs some sort of explanation. It might also need checking. I have *some* idea of how it works but not completely.

(6) The code to define wavei/wavef in calculate_wavelength_limits() looks backwards. Confirm this isn't a leftover of
    the wavenumber days? (I mean, the code is working right now...)

(7) In general, being able to turn things on or off (e.g. Rayleigh scattering).

(8) Have some easily check-able opacity reference info at runtime.

(9) Casting a contributions dataset into a Spectrum or DataSpectrum and then calling get_bands works just fine,
    but creating a Spectrum or DataSpectrum object alone doesn't, because the __repr__ method relies on the wavelength
    bins, which the contribution dataset doesn't have.

(10) Having no carbon or oxygen-containing species will throw a zero/zero error when calculating C/O. Solution is probably
     to make C/O ratio calculation optional depending on whether any applicable species exist.

(11) I would like a simple and consistent way to log the "provenance" of opacity sources. There is probably something out
     there I can just borrow.

(11b) Would like to find out the source of the "hespec.dat" / "new_he.dat" that is used to generate Helium opacities.
     Maximum temperature was listed as 4000 K but temperature grid spacing implies max is 3500.

(12) Binning indices with deltaL may introduce unexpected artifacts (seen in reduced chi-squared with self-retrievals) when the bounds
     are of order a typical wavelength bin in your data/final binned spectrum.